Polish documents (#213)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/google-kubernetes-tutorial.md

	kubectl get po -n tidb

## Destroy the TiDB cluster

> When the TiDB cluster is not needed, you can delete with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the TiDB cluster is not needed, you can delete it with the following commands:
```

	helm delete tidb --purge &&

> 	kubectl delete

Reviewer: what is this line means?

> 	kubectl delete

Reviewer 2: what the `kubectl delete` mean?

> 	kubectl delete

Reviewer 2: what the `kubectl delete` mean?

> The above commands only delete the running pods, the data is persistent. If you do not need the data anymore, you should run the following command to clean the data and the dynamically created persistent disks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above commands only delete the running pods, the data is persistent. If you do not need the data anymore, you should run the following commands to clean the data and the dynamically created persistent disks:
```

> 	kubectl delete pvc -n tidb -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=tidb,app.kubernetes.io/managed-by=tidb-operator &&

Reviewer: This is a dangerous operation, give use a warning?

Author: Since it's just a tutorial, and the statement above the command already said it will clean the data and persistent disks. So not a big problem I think.
